This is a TODO list for all of the stuff we want to do before beta. They are numbered in an arbitrary order.
In the future I will try and categorize them into art, sound, design, and balance.
I've tried to divide things up into small, specific tasks.
Obviously there's more than are on the list, and finishing all of these before finals seems bleak. Nonetheless, I've added things I would expect in a real game. Not all of these need to be finished.
Though, getting them all finished would make us look really good. Some of these require further discussion. If you aren't sure how to proceed on some aspect, maybe work on a different one.
Things that are DONE should be moved to DONE.txt by copypasta, or by using the cut command if you wanna get fancy
-----------------------------------

:1	come to a concensus on the music for scenes other than Game
:2	robot death sound
:3	indicators for which way a robot moves (or not?)
:5	we have no indicator for player range. not sure what we want to do about this.
:6	animate player model
:7	animate robots
:9	animate robot spawners
:10	better looking lasers
:11	more readable gui
:12	dwall sound effect on destruction
:13	dwall animation?
:14	fix win square texture (talk to me about this peter)
:15	clean up editor
:16	make health bar easier to see, larger
:18	animate explosive crates
:19	sound effect for explosive crates
:22	decide on movement speed for the game and change it to that
:23	make more free play levels
:24	make cavalcade levels
:25	make real cavalcade map
:26	implement real cavalcade map
:27	change wall textures
:28	change lighting in some areas to be cool
:30	consider making grid lines less thick
:32	polish player health per level
:33	polish robot health per level
:34	polish spawn rate per level
:35	consider adding some kind of time aspect to level where players can see their top time completing a level
:36	consider power ups to the player (speed boost, camo, etc?)
:38	polish robot speed per level
:39	add a charge mechanism to robot fire rate (cannot fire unless some visual indicator shows they're fully charged up in order to better show fire rate)
:40	fix quotes and generally clean up the death screen
:41	make end credits
:42	make opening credits (basically just add a scene with the UTO logo that fades in before the start screen
:43	make an instructions scene and option in the startup
:44	implement optional tutorial in cavalcade with 3-5 tutorial levels
:45	boss robots?
:46	clean up code (nahhhh)
:47	lol conveyors?
:48	separate free play levels by difficulty
:51	playtest the shit out of our game
